I had a secret, only it wasn't mine to tell, it was my best friends, Julian.
This was not the Julian I knew.
At the end of the meeting, Brother Max wanted to know if I was okay.
I shrugged it off, I just didn't know who to talk to at that point.
A few years ago, when my parents stopped attending meetings, Julian was there for me.
I didn't want to lose my friend, but did I really know him?
I decided to ask Julian about the pictures he posted.
I told him it wasn't right.
He needed to talk to the elders.
Then he got really defensive about it.
I knew I did the right thing, I just needed someone to talk to.
Brother Max wanted to know how I was really doing.
He could tell something was wrong, so I opened up, I told him everything.
I didn't want to get my friend in trouble, Max understood.
He asked me to read James 5 verses 14 and 15, is there anyone sick among you?
Let him call the elders of the congregation to him, and let them pray over him, applying
oil to him in the name of Jehovah.
And the prayer of faith will make this sick one well.
And Jehovah will raise him up.
Max showed me that the elders can encourage and strengthen a spiritually weak person.
Covering up a friend's wrongdoing prevents him from getting the spiritual help he needs.
All this time, I was focused on Julian and his deception, and I didn't speak up.
I'm glad I was honest with Brother Max.
The elders are like your spiritual doctors, and even more, there are friends.
They want to help us.
Julian might receive discipline, but that's an expression of Jehovah's love.
He could save his spiritual life.
Julian got the spiritual help he needed, and I kept my best friend.